1.Delivery Maturity:(20)
--------------------

1.I always ensured to be ?aware of ongoing?, ?completed and pending ?activities?.?
2.Resolved all requests as ?per SLA with quality of ?deliverables?.?
3.I am sharing all important ?documents to my team that ?will help all team members ?are on the same page?.?
4.We will share our ?thoughts to team internally ?to resolve critical issues in ?less span of time?.?
5.I continually strive for self ?-?improvement ?encompassing technical skill ?and domain knowledge?.?
6.Completed work assigned ?to me with intense passion?. ?Prioritized work?, ?responded ?to requests and initiated ?appropriate follow up?.?


Tech margin(60):
----------------

1.I am working proactively to manage all the task and work of the project. I prioritize and plan daily tasks to ensure the flawless delivery to Customers with possibly zero defects.
2.I understand my responsibility and always work smartly to resolve the issues also handle escalations very well to make the deliverables on time.
3.communicate efficiently to complete the Business request and answering the business queries with clients to provide best solutions for customer.
4.Ensured in loading and deploying of the units to be defect free by following the standards and taking precautions in not missing out any points within schedule.
5.Ensured most of the times for proper support and resolving the issues within the scheduled time.
6.Ensuring test cases cater to the functionality completely specified and making sure of missing no point out.
7.Maintained accuracy and completeness when worked on Request/Issues were self-caught at an early stage.
8.Whatever developments I released to UAT and/or Production, there were hardly any issues found. 
9.No show stoppers were raised in UAT phase; hence, delivered the developments into production with zero defects/error free.
10.We have provided the user requested details in short time as part of any investigation of an issue.
11.In short period of time, got familiar with the project functionalities and could help my team in the potential releases.
12.Understanding the requirements for domain and technological standards and efficiently reviewing the checklist before final changes.


Tech Client delight(10):
------------------------

1.I understand my responsibility and always work smartly to resolve the issues also handle escalations very well to make the deliverables on time.
2.I communicate efficiently to complete the Business request and answering the business queries with clients to provide best solutions for customer.
3.Made sure TRS filled well in advance and got it approved on time form CITI manager.

Delivery maturity(10):
---------------------

1.Successfully completed EMS training conducted by Nalanda.
2.Successfully completed ISMS training conducted by Nalanda. 
3.Successfully completed QMS training conducted by Nalanda.
4.Attended ITIL training to improve knowledge on IT infrastructure
5.Successfully completed CITI Academy training on domain concepts like Banking and Accounting conducted by Training Central.


